README.md, before:

# R4DS BOOKNAME Book Club

FIND/REPLACE BOOKABBR, BOOKNAME, BOOKURL, BOOKAUTHORS, BOOKPUBLISHER, BOOKCOPYRIGHT, BOOKISBN, BOOKDOI, BOOKDAYS, BOOKTIMECST, BOOKCHANNELID, SIGNUPSHEETURL, TIMEANDDATEURL, STARTDATE, and PLAYLISTLINK THEN DELETE THIS SENTENCE.

ALSO CONFIRM THE MEETING TIME INFO BELOW AND DELETE THIS SENTENCE.

ALSO ADD PLACEHOLDERS FOR ALL CHAPTERS BY COPYING 01.Rmd (IDEALLY ALSO UPDATE TITLES WITHIN THE FILES), THEN DELETE THIS SENTENCE.

Welcome to the R4DS BOOKNAME Book Club!

We are working together to read [_BOOKNAME_](BOOKURL) by BOOKAUTHORS (BOOKPUBLISHER, copyright BOOKCOPYRIGHT, [BOOKISBN](BOOKDOI)).
Join the [#book_club-BOOKABBR](https://rfordatascience.slack.com/archives/BOOKCHANNELID) channel on the [R4DS Slack](https://r4ds.io/join) to participate.
As we read, we are producing [notes about the book](https://r4ds.io/BOOKABBR).

## Meeting Schedule

If you would like to present, please see the sign-up sheet for your cohort (linked below, and pinned in the [#book_club-BOOKABBR](https://rfordatascience.slack.com/archives/BOOKCHANNELID) channel on Slack)!

- [Cohort 1](SIGNUPSHEETURL) (started STARTDATE): [BOOKDAYS, BOOKTIMECST CST/CDT](TIMEANDDATEURL) | [meeting videos](PLAYLISTLINK)

<hr>


## How to Present

This repository is structured as a [{bookdown}](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=bookdown) site.
To present, follow these instructions:

1. [Setup Github Locally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNUNPkoledI) (also see [_Happy Git and GitHub for the useR_](https://happygitwithr.com/github-acct.html))
2. Install {usethis} `install.packages("usethis")`
3. `usethis::create_from_github("r4ds/bookclub-BOOKABBR")` (cleanly creates your own copy of this repository).
4. `usethis::pr_init("my-chapter")` (creates a branch for your work, to avoid confusion).
5. Edit the appropriate chapter file, if necessary. Use `##` to indicate new slides (new sections).
7. If you use any packages that are not already in the `DESCRIPTION`, add them. You can use `usethis::use_package("myCoolPackage")` to add them quickly!
8. Build the book! ctrl-shift-b (or command-shift-b) will render the full book, or ctrl-shift-k (command-shift-k) to render just your slide. Please do this to make sure it works before you push your changes up to the main repo!
9. Commit your changes (either through the command line or using Rstudio's Git tab).
10. `usethis::pr_push()` (pushes the changes up to github, and opens a "pull request" (PR) to let us know your work is ready).
11. (If we request changes, make them)
12. When your PR has been accepted ("merged"), `usethis::pr_finish()` to close out your branch and prepare your local repository for future work.

When your PR is checked into the main branch, the bookdown site will rebuild, adding your slides to [this site](https://r4ds.io/BOOKABBR).

Commit message:

Add instructions for dev deps.

README.md, after:

# R4DS BOOKNAME Book Club

FIND/REPLACE BOOKABBR, BOOKNAME, BOOKURL, BOOKAUTHORS, BOOKPUBLISHER, BOOKCOPYRIGHT, BOOKISBN, BOOKDOI, BOOKDAYS, BOOKTIMECST, BOOKCHANNELID, SIGNUPSHEETURL, TIMEANDDATEURL, STARTDATE, and PLAYLISTLINK THEN DELETE THIS SENTENCE.

ALSO CONFIRM THE MEETING TIME INFO BELOW AND DELETE THIS SENTENCE.

ALSO ADD PLACEHOLDERS FOR ALL CHAPTERS BY COPYING 01.Rmd (IDEALLY ALSO UPDATE TITLES WITHIN THE FILES), THEN DELETE THIS SENTENCE.

Welcome to the R4DS BOOKNAME Book Club!

We are working together to read [_BOOKNAME_](BOOKURL) by BOOKAUTHORS (BOOKPUBLISHER, copyright BOOKCOPYRIGHT, [BOOKISBN](BOOKDOI)).
Join the [#book_club-BOOKABBR](https://rfordatascience.slack.com/archives/BOOKCHANNELID) channel on the [R4DS Slack](https://r4ds.io/join) to participate.
As we read, we are producing [notes about the book](https://r4ds.io/BOOKABBR).

## Meeting Schedule

If you would like to present, please see the sign-up sheet for your cohort (linked below, and pinned in the [#book_club-BOOKABBR](https://rfordatascience.slack.com/archives/BOOKCHANNELID) channel on Slack)!

- [Cohort 1](SIGNUPSHEETURL) (started STARTDATE): [BOOKDAYS, BOOKTIMECST CST/CDT](TIMEANDDATEURL) | [meeting videos](PLAYLISTLINK)

<hr>


## How to Present

This repository is structured as a [{bookdown}](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=bookdown) site.
To present, follow these instructions:

Do these steps once:

1. [Setup Github Locally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNUNPkoledI) (also see [_Happy Git and GitHub for the useR_](https://happygitwithr.com/github-acct.html))
2. Install {usethis} and {devtools} `install.packages(c("usethis", "devtools"))`
3. `usethis::create_from_github("r4ds/bookclub-BOOKABBR")` (cleanly creates your own copy of this repository).

Do these steps each time you present another chapter:

1. Open your project for this book.
2. `usethis::pr_init("my-chapter")` (creates a branch for your work, to avoid confusion, making sure that you have the latest changes from other contributors).
3. `devtools::install_dev_deps()` (installs any packages used by the book that you don't already have installed).
4. Edit the appropriate chapter file, if necessary. Use `##` to indicate new slides (new sections).
5. If you use any packages that are not already in the `DESCRIPTION`, add them. You can use `usethis::use_package("myCoolPackage")` to add them quickly!
6. Build the book! ctrl-shift-b (or command-shift-b) will render the full book, or ctrl-shift-k (command-shift-k) to render just your slide. Please do this to make sure it works before you push your changes up to the main repo!
7. Commit your changes (either through the command line or using Rstudio's Git tab).
8. `usethis::pr_push()` (pushes the changes up to github, and opens a "pull request" (PR) to let us know your work is ready).
9. (If we request changes, make them)
10. When your PR has been accepted ("merged"), `usethis::pr_finish()` to close out your branch and prepare your local repository for future work.

When your PR is checked into the main branch, the bookdown site will rebuild, adding your slides to [this site](https://r4ds.io/BOOKABBR).
